you
there has never been a time that to make
things as good as right now between
what's available on the internet like
the stuff on YouTube the stuff on
Instructables make magazine between the
quality of your teachers who know so
much and the incredible availability of
parts and tools and supplies there's
almost nothing that you can't make
almost nothing you can't make if you
really try now in my career I've made a
lot of stuff I've made telescopes I've
made microscopes I know people who made
electron microscopes I personally made
flame throwers I made a four-story Hydra
vache I've made some really dangerous
stuff
my favorite is I made a battle bot when
battle bots were kind of big you know it
was metal and had 20 horsepower motors
and a carbon tip fireman cut-off saw in
the front that thing could you know eat
its way out of a steel room I've made
oh just just so many things but not
everything you have to make is dangerous
to be cool the point is is that it's
just fun to make stuff and if you've got
a really good idea you can probably do
it now there are different styles of
making things
there's do-it-yourself and that's like
well I'm going to go fix the brakes on
my car or put siding on my house and
that's an interesting kind of DIY but
there's hacking where you take one item
that's purposed for something else and
turn it into something you know cooler
something different there's bricolage
which means making things from found
objects
there's kiding which means you buy a kit
something complicated probably and put
it together and there's inventing and
inventing is the best the best kind of
making things involves not just
following directions from people who
have done things before but actually
going out there figuring out how to make
something doing the design yourself and
then actually building it now I don't
have a lot of time but I want to get you
started on your own invention project
maybe so what I'm going to do live in
real time
is something that scares me is because
it is live in real time is I'm going to
make an audio speaker out of stuff that
I found in my kitchen on the night
before I came to New York okay so what
I've got here is a block of wood I've
got some sandpaper I've got some pieces
of notebook paper fold it up into a
rough Z shape I've got two magnets and
I've got some wire now this wire is the
key part the four things that I need to
make my own speaker is a diaphragm a
coil on a support and a magnet so first
things first let's just start doing it
what I need to do is wind a coil and
what I'm going to do is take this wire
and wind an entire voice coil from it
now unfortunately that's going to take a
really long time and I don't have much
time so I'm just going to give you the
flavor of it I'm going to take 30 gauge
magnet wire and I'm just going to wrap
it tightly together I'm going to do
about a hundred and fifty turns on three
and a three-quarter inch wooden dowel
now why would I do that because I want
to get my coil to have about four ohms
of resistance if you don't have enough
resistance you can do something bad to
your amplifier and then once that's done
I'm going to glue it all together so
it's nice and tight now I don't merely
have a hundred and fifty coils there so
I made one in advance and I'm going to
use that one so where is here it is what
I'm going to do is simply hot glue it to
the back of this yogurt Cup and I had to
eat a lot of yogurt while I was
experimenting so I feel like I've got
all the calcium I need for a while now
the next thing I'm going to do is take
these magnets and glue it in the center
of this dot hot glue by the way a hot
glue gun it's the greatest maker to Y
you can possibly have I don't care what
the 3d prototype guys say I love my hot
glue gun what I'm going to do next is
take these little Z standoffs C and I'm
going to put some glue there look how
fast that bonds alright god this is
great stuff and I'm going to do that and
then I'm going to glue this and I'm
going to Center that coil right over
those magnets so it's just above it and
now it's done now this needs to dry so
you know how Martha Stewart would take
the cake out of the oven it's pre-made
we're going to do that we're going to go
to the Martha Stewart one so this is the
one I made earlier today I'm still
yogurt Cup the standoffs and everything
else well I'm going to turn on my iPod
we'll see if we can get some music I
need a microphone hello it's a good deal
so let's play something
now this is really coming from a yogurt
cup and it's kind of a neat deal might
not be your choice of music now you can
experiment with different things in fact
I did last night I did this let me walk
over here I made all these different
speakers out of different things here's
one because I'm in New York I made one
out of a piece of matzah I made one out
of a coffee a coffee cup lid I made one
out of a tostito the toast eagle looks
like a speaker doesn't it so you can
imagine how good that works and then
last night during rehearsals it gave us
some some food and they gave us these
thick potato chips you got to hear this
you guys this is just incredible how
nice that sounds
just incredible so anyway like I said
today is the very best time this age is
the very best time to be a maker you can
make so many things if you put your mind
to it get out there pick something up
because I'll tell you the stuff you make
the stuff you make is way better than
the stuff you buy it's special it's
significant to you and I really
encourage you to do that thanks a lot
for listening